Mourning
Look what he has done to our Su family
Okay, stop talking
Don't complain
The Sun family is narrow-minded
Tianhao you
Look at your dad
Can you help us laymen talk to each other?
In this case
I'm afraid it's a little difficult.
tianhao
Our dad is so good
The Sun Group will definitely give our father a face
Do our family a favor
All right.
I'm going to call my dad
Hey hey
Tianhao, how are things going?
Is that so?
The Su family is in trouble
I want to ask you a favor
Why is the Su family in so much trouble?
How much can the factory go up?
The Su family negotiated a business deal with the Sun Group
It was turned yellow.
It's pretty stiff now
I sent you to the Su family's factory building for Nanshanping
Rather than being the savior
I know. I know!
Give me a little more time.
Another ticket to Shenhao's wedding
Lao Tzu is a medicine seller again
Do you think I have the ability to reach the sky?
I see.
Hey Tian Hao